Please welcome Denis Sereny.
Hi, everyone.
Welcome to Session 301,
QuickTime Streaming Server.
My name is Denis Sereny.
I'm a software engineer on the
QuickTime Streaming Server team at Apple.
And I'm going to talk to you a lot
about QuickTime Streaming Server.
For those of you who have been
at the previous two sessions,
it's time to shift gears a little bit.
We talked a lot about authoring,
a lot about integrating
QuickTime into your application.
Now I'm going to talk about a
whole new class of applications.
Applications over on the server side.
Things like integrating
QuickTime Streaming Server into
a database or doing custom user
interfaces or doing monitoring
tools for your streaming clients.
So a whole new set of applications.
And I'm going to talk for a
while and then at the end I'll
stick around and we can do some
Q&A if you guys have questions.
Okay, so.
The main gist of the presentation,
I'm going to talk to you
a lot about QTSS API,
which is a server-side API we introduced
with QuickTime Streaming Server 2.
And it's a fully,
it's a big C API that allows you to do
a lot of things and allows you to extend
QuickTime Streaming Server in a lot of
ways and a lot of cool applications.
I'll show some demos of things
that you can do with QTSS API.
And I don't know, many of you,
maybe you don't think
that servers are cool.
When I get through these demos,
hopefully you'll think that
servers are pretty cool and
that you can do a lot with QTSS.
So first, though,
I'm going to talk to you a little bit
about QuickTime Streaming Server 2,
just the features,
and then I'll also tell you a little
bit about things that we're working
on for future releases of the server,
give you a little preview of that.
OK, so QuickTime Streaming Server 2 is,
of course, we're talking only about
RTSP and RTP streaming here.
It handles real-time streaming protocol
and real-time transport protocol.
And those are two
IETF standard protocols.
One of the great things is that
QuickTime Streaming is just really the
only major completely standards-based
streaming solution out there.
And we're really trying to make
sure that QuickTime Streaming can
interoperate with all the tools
that support these standards.
So that's really great.
And the two major features of
QuickTime Streaming Server are that it
supports reflecting of live broadcasts.
In the previous session,
you saw Kevin talking a little bit
about encoders and broadcasters.
And in one slide,
he showed QTSS sitting in
between an encoder and clients.
So you can use QTSS to reflect
a live broadcast out to a
whole slew of RTSP clients.
QTSS manages the complexity of all
the RTSP transactions of lots of
clients coming in and going out.
And then it also
supports video on demand.
So that means you can take
hinted QuickTime movies,
drop them in the media
folder on the server.
And the server allows clients to connect
over RTSP and view them in streaming.
One of the things that we added for
QuickTime Streaming Server 2 is that we
also support RTSP tunneled through HTTP.
That's different than
HTTP progressive downloads.
It's true streaming,
but it's using the HTTP protocol.
And why is that important?
Well,
after we did 1.0 version of the server,
we found that a lot of people who
are behind corporate firewalls or
HTTP proxies or network address
translators couldn't get access to
QuickTime Streaming because they only,
on their network topology,
they could only get access to HTTP stuff.
So because we support
tunneling RTSP into HTTP,
it means that if you deploy a
QuickTime Streaming Server and if you
deploy QuickTime Streaming Server,
you can get access to HTTP stuff.
So if you deploy a QuickTime Streaming
Server and you deploy a
QuickTime Streaming Server,
you'll know that all clients will be able
to get access to QuickTime Streaming no
matter what kind of network they're on.
So that's really important.
We also added password security.
This is something that I'll be
demoing a little bit later on.
It's something that we implemented
using QTSS API completely.
And it's a really important
component for doing pay-per-view.
So that's a really neat thing.
And then also the unicast
to multicast relay.
Kevin told you a little
bit about multicast.
We talked about multicast in
the previous presentation.
One problem with multicast that he
touched on is just the fact that it's
not universally deployed on the internet.
So on a lot of networks,
they do have multicast,
but only on pieces of the network,
or multicast is only
good in certain areas.
If you put a QTSS machine as
a relay at the border points
between unicast and multicast,
it can translate between unicast
and multicast and back again.
And that allows you to utilize
multicast where it is available.
And multicast is really good
to take advantage of because
there's so much bandwidth savings.
There's a lot of people that can only do
really high bit rate live presentations
using multicast because otherwise there
would be just not enough bandwidth.
OK.
Now, of course, we're working on lots
of stuff for the future.
There's two things that
I want to tell you about.
One big thing is web administration.
We want to make sure that QTSS,
in addition to being the most
powerful streaming server out there,
is the easiest streaming server
to set up and the easiest
streaming server to manage,
to monitor all of your clients,
and that everyone will be
able to do that easily,
remotely.
And also, as part of implementing that
web administration interface,
we're using QTSS API and we're writing
an administration protocol module.
Well, what does that mean?
This module that's on the server
will support an administration
protocol that you as developers,
or anyone as a developer,
can utilize for writing a
custom administration tool.
There are so many things out there that
site administration... that streaming
site administrators need to monitor,
and they need to do it in
so many different ways that,
although we're going to try and
cover as many bases as we can,
we recognize that with streaming
moving as fast as it does,
we just can't cover everything.
So,
we want to make it as easy as possible
for third parties to tie into the server,
and we think that if we
provide a protocol like this,
then they'll be able
to write custom tools,
and so that's a really great
opportunity to even to sell those tools.
So, it's a really great
money-making opportunity,
and in fact,
there's tons of great money-making
opportunities with QTSS,
and I'll tell you a little
about some more later on.
Okay, now one of the,
really the most awesome thing about
this project and working on this project
is that it's totally open source.
From day one when we shipped QTSS 1.0,
we put all of the source out there.
And that was a little
bit more than a year ago.
Since then,
the entire streaming server team
has really invested a lot in working
with the open source community and
making sure that we're able to get
the right kind of content out there.
We're not just taking
the open source name,
that we're really doing everything
out in the open and just investing in
making this open source project work.
And it's worked really well, actually.
And we've done a lot better, actually,
since starting out.
We've started to add
a lot more platforms.
And we've also tried to make
sure that all of the platforms
that we can compile on,
we support really well.
And so we've actually done internal
testing of Darwin's streaming
server on different platforms.
And we've also released binaries of the
server running on different platforms.
So right now, we support Mac OS X server,
of course.
And we've added, since 1.0,
we added Linux, FreeBSD, Solaris.
We recently released a Solaris binary.
And we just announced
support for Windows NT server
and Windows 2000 server.
Those binaries are not available yet.
But we're still doing internal testing.
But because we're open source,
you can actually get access to that code.
And if you have Visual C++,
you have a Windows machine,
you can check out the open source
CVS and get the entire source repository
and compile that using Visual C++.
So that's really neat.
We're doing a lot of our
development right now using
that open source CVS repository.
So if you're daring,
you can check it out.
You can check out our latest
development versions that we're
checking code into all the time.
And of course,
you shouldn't really do that and
expect to actually deploy it,
because it may not work.
But it's just neat that we're doing
all this development out in the open.
So because of this open source thing,
I really haven't heard of another
streaming server that is open source.
So I can really say that we
are just the most extensible
streaming server out there.
We give it away.
We give all the source code away.
It's just a huge firepower.
It's just a huge fire sale.
It's really great to work on
this project because of that.
And so developers can just go in there,
modify the code,
and do whatever they want with it.
And now we've added this QTSS API.
When we first started out
with the open source project,
we took a good look at other
successful open source projects
because we wanted to emulate as much
as possible what they've done in order
to make their project successful.
And of course,
really the most successful server open
source project is the Apache project.
The Apache group,
Apache is the most popular
web server out there,
and it's really one of the best
known open source projects.
And so we took a look
at the Apache server,
and yeah, it's open source,
and that's really great,
but in addition to being open source,
they also provide one of the most
popular web server APIs available,
the Apache API.
And that really helps their development
process because open source developers,
because they have this
API which is documented and
which is relatively static,
developers can go in and
they can do a lot of work.
And so they can go in and modify
Apache using the API and not really have
to worry about the server as a whole,
all the things that Apache is doing.
They just have to worry about
their particular little feature.
And so it makes the open
source project much more
organized and much more focused.
And so that's one thing that I'm really
going to drive home as far as QTSS API.
It makes developing in the open
source framework much easier
because there is this organization.
Thank you.
OK, so I've talked a lot about QTSS API.
Let me go into it in more detail now.
And it's a C language
programming interface.
You can also-- we use a lot
of C++ in our own modules,
so you can use C++ as well.
And it allows developers to add
custom modules to the server.
Now these modules can,
much like Apache modules,
can either be compiled
directly into the server,
so you can write a module,
modify the server internals
slightly in order to get it
to build inside the server,
and release a monolithic server
with your module added to it.
And as an alternative,
something that we're really
encouraging module developers to take
advantage of as much as possible,
is you can package up modules
as a separate shared library,
or say on Windows, a DLL.
And in order to do that--
and when that happens,
you have a separate piece of code,
your module, and you can drop that into
a QTSS modules folder.
The server doesn't have
to be recompiled at all.
It just-- when it's starting up,
it checks the QTSS modules
folder and loads whatever
modules happen to be there.
So that's a really easy way to make a
module and make it easily deployable.
So it provides separation,
simplification, durability.
Again, touching on the benefits that were
realized by the Apache project,
when you want to add a feature,
say tying QuickTime Streaming
Server into a proprietary
database backend or something,
you don't have to worry about the fact
that QTSS has all these threads running,
and there's all this
network traffic going on,
and there's like 100 classes
or something in the server.
And we're modifying them all the time
because we're adding these features.
You don't have to worry about
that because we have this
API which is well documented,
and it's durable.
So moving forward for
QTSS 3.0 or 4.0 or 5,
you won't have to modify your
module because it's an API that's
backwards compatible as well.
So that's a really big benefit.
Okay.
How is the API useful?
What can you do with it?
Well,
there are just tons of applications.
We provided so many hooks in the server
that are exposed through this module API.
Things like logging.
So if you have a custom log format and a
custom tool that takes advantage of it,
you can use QTSS API to
have it log in a custom way.
Different file formats.
So of course,
QTSS out of the box supports
hinted QuickTime movies.
Now you can provide a plug-in that
supports whatever file format you want.
Status Reporting.
Real-time statistics is something that,
again and again, is something that's so
important to administrators.
You can run a module in the
server that uses some back-end
protocol and reports to a viewer,
a real-time viewer of some kind.
[Transcript missing]
And then finally, server administration.
If, again, you know, getting back to our
administration protocol module,
you can control the server in
however you want and provide a custom
interface for controlling QTSS.
So there's tons of things.
And, I mean, this is really just a great
opportunity because the server is free,
the server is open source,
and we're making all these
efforts to allow people to
write modules very easily.
And those modules can be sold for money.
So, I mean,
it's just a great opportunity.
So how do we know that
QTSS API is really useful,
and how do we know that it really works?
The great thing is that
when we developed QTSS 2.0,
we integrated this API.
We decided to take all of the
features that we had in QTSS 1.0
and put them in QTSS API modules.
And all of the features
that we added to QTSS 2.0,
we also put in QTSS API modules.
And so when we were done with the server,
we had, I think,
something like 15 modules that
we ship along with the server.
And some of those we provided
compiled in so that people can't,
like, accidentally turn off hinted
QuickTime file serving if they mess
around with their modules folder.
But some of them we provided
as separate binaries.
For instance,
the password security stuff,
we recognize that probably, you know,
that doesn't concern everyone.
So we provided those
as separate binaries.
So we really... ate our
own dog food on this API.
And so we really know that
for all of these applications
that I'm talking about,
it can really be used and
it's a really powerful tool.
In fact, really,
if you take all of the modules
out of the server that we shipped,
really the server doesn't do anything.
It's basically just a framework that
provides this API to these modules.
So another thing that we know is
that modules perform very well.
QTSS, there's these... there's these
numbers that we talk... these
performance numbers that we talk about.
We support 2,000 low bitrate modem
stream clients simultaneously.
And those numbers were generated
not through some optimized code
path through the server that's
tailored around the benchmark.
It's... those numbers were generated
by using the reflector module
that I was talking about or using
the hinted QuickTime movie file.
So we know that if you choose
to implement a feature for
QTSS using the module API,
that you won't be sacrificing anything
with performance because we know
that the API performs really well.
OK, so I told you a lot about
the API from a high level.
Let me just go over and show you
a little bit about what it can do.
I've got--
Oh, I've got the server up
over here on this monitor,
but I need a client machine
over here so that I can show the
server talking to the client.
And that should be demo
machine number-- oh,
wait.
It fell asleep.
That's all.
There we go.
Um, okay, so I've got a Mac OS X server
machine over here.
We aren't aquized yet, but at least,
uh...
Okay, so we've got the server running
over here and just has Streaming
Server done starting up.
And over on this machine over here,
I've got a client that's ready to connect
and watch a movie coming off the server.
So let me just do that.
And it's asleep, so it's still waking up.
Here we go, connecting, negotiating.
Here we go, connecting.
And that was coming off this server here.
Now let me just bring down the server.
You can just go Control-C.
Oh, oops.
There we go.
So, and I've got this folder here.
It's in...
on this drive in user ESPIN,
and it's in this QTSS modules folder.
So that's the folder that the server
looks for QTSS API modules in.
And I've got this demo
authorization module,
and let me just drag that
into the modules folder.
This demo authorization module
works really similar to the access
module that I was telling you
about that uses QT access files
in order to do password security.
Now when I go back and try
and watch that movie again,
I've got to go to a different port
because I was using that port before.
Now I've got to enter a password.
If I enter something that's garbage,
it says, "No way, you can't do that."
I've got a user set up,
Denis.
I can't know what my password is.
And so by dragging that module
into the modules folder,
I added a new feature to the server.
I added password security.
So the server read that when
the server was starting up,
and the module handled
denying access to that client.
Okay,
so that's modules as a separate binary.
Now, if I didn't want to provide that
module as a separate binary,
As I was telling you,
you can package modules,
both as separate binaries,
and compile them
directly into the server.
So I've got a different version of the
server that I compiled with the demo
authorization module inside of it.
So let me start that server up.
There's nothing in the modules folder.
When I start up the client again,
I'm going
Well, I guess you're just going
to have to trust me on it.
So if the server was up,
for some reason it's not up.
Let me just try once more.
If the server was up and running,
then you'd see the same behaviors
that it was showing when
I had the demo authorization
module in the modules folder.
And that was,
it would be denying access to users
unless they had name and password,
and that's because I compiled that
module directly into the server.
Back to slides.
You know what?
I think I know why this is happening.
Anyone from the audience?
I think it's because that machine
has got the same IP address.
So...
Well, I'll keep on going,
and if I've got problems
with later demos,
then I don't know what I'll do.
I'll have to reboot the machine.
So how was that demo
authorization module built?
As you saw,
it was built in two different ways.
Using the QTSS API SDK is what you
need to do if you want to build
a module as a separate binary.
So, and what that SDK includes is a .h
file with just the QTSS API headers
in it and a stub library that you
need to link your QTSS API module
as a shared library or whatever.
You link it against that stub
library and the SDK includes
full documentation on the API.
Now, if you want to do it
compiled into the server,
then you need to have a copy
of the server source code,
and then you just take the server and
make changes internally in the server
in order to compile directly in.
And those changes that you need to
make in the server are documented
in the QTSS API documentation,
so you can find out what you
need to do if you want to compile
it directly into the server.
But one neat thing about this process
is that the module code doesn't
have to be changed if you want to
build it as a shared library or
compile it directly into the server.
So when you're developing your module,
when you're developing your feature,
you don't have to really decide
how it's going to be packaged.
That's one thing that's important
for us when we're developing
our modules internally.
We don't really want to have to
decide how it's going to be packaged.
We don't really want to decide until
the last minute whether we package
them up as a separate binary or not.
So because we don't
have to change the code,
we don't really have to make that
decision until the last minute.
OK, so now that I've shown you
a little bit about the API,
let's dive into some of the API concepts.
There are really four major concepts
that we're introducing with QTSS API.
And they are roles,
which are just the framework that
allow modules to get invoked.
The server has a list of well-known
roles that the server invokes modules in,
and modules play these roles.
Callbacks are just the function calls
in the server that modules make.
And then there are QTSS API objects,
which is the generic data
passing mechanism in QTSS API.
And streams are the way that modules
communicate directly to the client.
And the demo authorization module
used all four of these concepts.
So as I go through each one,
I'll show you some source code for what
was in the demo authorization module.
And I'll show you how the demo
authorization module works.
authorization module
utilizes these concepts.
So the first one is roles.
Now roles are really similar to
if you've dealt with other server
APIs or other APIs in general.
Apache calls them handlers.
Modules play a role.
There's a list of
well-known roles in the API,
things like initialization and
the demo authorization module
uses the authorization role
in order to authorize clients.
And modules provide a role handler,
which is just a function, basically,
and that function gets called
when that situation comes up and
then the module code executes.
And from that code,
then modules can make callbacks
and control the server that way.
So here is just the source
code in the demo authorization
module talking about roles.
This is a function called register,
which is the role handler
for the register role.
It's the first role that gets
called by the server when
the server is starting up,
and every QTSS API module
must handle this role.
One of the only things that
modules need to do from inside
this role is just tell the server
what other roles it wants to play.
It does that by making
this add role callback.
And so the demo authorization
module here is telling it that it
wants to play the initialize role,
and that is just a role that gets called
immediately after the register role.
And modules can do one-time
initialization tasks that way.
It also wants to be called in
the reread preferences role,
and that's a role that gets
invoked whenever the server is
told to reread its preferences.
And then finally,
the RTSP Authorize role.
That gets invoked on every single
RTSP request to the server.
And from inside that role,
a module can say whether the
client should be allowed or denied.
And so that's how the demo
authorization module told the server
to deny access to clients sometimes.
And then finally,
the QTSS RTSP Session object contains
information related specifically
to the RTSP control connections,
so things like that TCP IP address
and what port that is happening on,
something like that.
And then finally,
the one that was utilized by the
demo authorization module before,
the QTSS RTSP request object,
which contains things that are
particular to a given RTSP request,
like what RTSP method was being used.
Is it describe or set up or tear down?
Is it, what URL is it accessing?
What headers that request had?
Things like that.
So finally, the last concept,
QTSS API Streams.
Streams are kind of the most powerful way
that modules can manipulate the client
because they allow the module to send
raw data directly back to the client.
So if you want to send, say,
a custom response to a QuickTime client,
then you can just do that
by writing to a stream.
And there's a callback in the server
called QTSS Write that allows you
to communicate directly with the
client just by sending it data.
The interesting thing is that
the first demo that I showed you,
the demo authorization
module in that demo,
didn't actually use RTSP streams.
In order to allow or deny clients,
all it really needs to do is use objects
and call setValue in order to say
that a request is allowed or denied.
I've got a modified version of
the demo authorization module.
Let me just bring down the server.
So let me get this,
the roles version of the demo
authorization module out of here.
And I'll get this new version
with streams and put it
into the modules folder.
Restart the server.
Okay,
so now I'm going to go ahead and create
a new version of the demo authorization
Now the experience is going
to be a little bit different
when users are denied.
So if I were to put in some
kind of bad password here,
instead of just getting re-prompted,
I get redirected.
[Transcript missing]
OK, so what happened there?
What the demo authorization module did,
instead of just returning allowed
or denied back to the client,
it issued an RTSP redirect
back to the client,
which told the client to go
and fetch this other movie,
an error movie, and play that instead of
just showing the prompt.
And RTSP redirects,
in case you're not familiar,
are kind of similar to,
in the first session,
we were talking a little
bit about HTTP redirects.
RTSP redirects work exactly the same way.
It's just a way for the server to tell
the client not to go to the URL that
it's... So if the client sends a request
to the server with a certain URL,
the server can respond with
a redirect telling the client
to just go somewhere else.
So the demo authorization module
sent one of these redirects.
And it's actually going to send a
message to the client telling it
to go and fetch that error movie.
OK, back to slides.
OK, so-- and the thing is,
is that the source, in order to do that,
really isn't that much.
There's just these two
calls that I had to add.
This is really the entire bit of
code that I had to add to the demo
authorization module in order to get
that extra functionality in there.
So what did I do?
I used QTSS API streams to send that
RTSP redirect back to the client,
because I needed to
formulate an entire request,
because a redirect is
kind of a custom request,
and send that back with
the module communicating,
sending raw data back to the client.
So in order to do that,
I got a stream ref out
of the request object.
Streams are attributes in objects,
so you first have to get the
stream out of the object.
And streams in different object
types do different things.
The stream that's contained in the
RTSP request object is the stream that's
contained in the RTSP request object,
can be used to send data back to
the client as an RTSP response.
So that's the first call there,
that get value pointer,
which returns a stream ref
that can be used and passed
into the bottom call there,
the QTSS write call.
And that's just a call which--it's
just like any other stream interface,
really, that you've seen.
It just--you just write
raw data to the stream,
and it sends it back to the client.
So what the module is doing is
that--sending that redirected
buffer back to the client,
and that's just a buffer in memory
that contains the redirect response.
So that's really all the code that
I need to add in order to do that.
So as I was saying before,
there are a couple of different
kinds of streams in the server.
There's one contained in
the QTSS session object,
and again, that's a way to communicate
directly to the RTSP user.
So the first one is the
RTSP client sending RTSP responses.
And then there's one also
in the QTSS request object.
Now, these do basically
exactly the same thing.
They're both ways to communicate
back to the RTSP client,
send RTSP responses.
And the demo authorization
module used the bottom one.
The only difference is that the top one,
the RTSP session stream,
doesn't buffer any data internally,
and so you have to
worry about the server.
All of these streams are async because
the server has to do everything async.
We're managing lots and
lots of client connections,
so if you block, then you would be
blocking lots of clients,
not just one.
So if you use the session object stream,
you have to worry about flow control,
and that can be useful
to use that stream,
even though you need to worry about
it because the bottom one buffers
all data internally in order to
protect the module from flow control,
so it's kind of simpler.
But you want to be able to
use that stream to do that.
So that's the reason why I'm
saying that the RTSP request object
is a little bit more complex.
You wouldn't want to send, like,
a 30 megabyte file back using the
RTSP request object because you'd be
buffering that 30 megabytes in memory,
which would not be good.
Okay, so there's two others in the API.
There's a stream contained in
the QTSS RTP stream object.
It's a lot of streams in one sentence.
But what that can do is if
you write to that stream,
you're writing media data
back to the client over RTP.
So, for instance,
the Reflector Module that we have
for reflecting live broadcasts
and the hinted QuickTime Module,
that uses RTP streams in the
RTP stream object to send video
and audio data back to the client.
So we have a very kind of universal
interface for sending all kinds of
different data back to the client.
And then finally,
the server also provides a stream ref for
writing messages out to the error log,
which is good for having modules
give feedback back to the client.
back to administrators.
Okay, so that's really coverage of
all four concepts in QTSS API.
Now, of course,
like we're moving the server forward,
we're also going to be
moving the API forward.
We're going to be continually
adding features to it,
and we're encouraging you as developers,
if you do use the API,
to give us feedback and tell
us what you'd like us to do.
And, you know, because it's open source,
you can also go in there and
become a contributor yourself.
So here are just a couple of things that
we are thinking about and working on.
We're moving our
configuration file to XML,
and one of the main reasons
for that is just so that we can
compartmentalize better preferences
that have to do with specific modules.
And as part of that effort,
we're going to be providing
individual QTSS API objects that
represent individual modules.
And so those module preferences will
be stored in those module objects.
And then finally... One of the big
requests that we've had from the
outside is to provide an API for the
file system so that people can write
modules to plug in custom file systems.
This is really important, for instance,
if you want to have QTSS plug
into a database or plug QTSS into
a networked file system,
some kind of custom file system.
Now you can write a module,
or at least whenever we finish this up,
then you'll be able to write a
module that can implement that file
system and have QTSS generically
start using your file system.
So those are just a couple of
things that we're working on.
And again,
feedback is a big part of this process.
So here are three key places to look for
more information on QTSS and QTSS API.
And a really nice thing about the
API is that it's really well documented.
We have a lot of documentation on it.
So hopefully... that'll also help ease
the learning curve and all of the stuff
that I talk about in this presentation
is also available in that documentation.
So in order to get that and
to get the QTSS API SDK,
you go to public source
dot apple dot com,
because it's an open source project,
and then project streaming.
Now if you're just interested in checking
out QuickTime's streaming server,
running on Mac OS X server,
you can go to apple dot com, quicktime,
servers dot html, you can download it.
It's free if you've already
got a copy of Mac OS X server,
so it's really easy to get set up.
And if you go to the first link,
actually,
then we also have on that site binaries
for all of our different platforms,
except again Windows,
and that's coming soon.
So you can download there Linux binaries,
you can download FreeBSD, Solaris,
and we also have an open source
version of Mac OS X server,
I think.
And then finally,
a really great resource for...
talking to the QuickTime streaming
server engineering team directly,
and giving feedback and asking questions,
is by using the Darwin streaming
server development list.
And the way that you get on
that is lists dot apple dot com,
streaming server,
search for streaming server,
and then it's really easy to sign on.
And that's a really active list.
Everyone's asking questions
about their having problems
compiling on certain platforms,
or they have certain
suggestions for the code.
People give us,
people submit code that way.
So it's a really good way of
getting in touch with us directly.
So I encourage you to do that.
And then finally, we've got Q&A now.
We've got plenty of time, actually.
So if you guys want to stick around
and go to the microphones here.
I don't know if...